# 2025 29th June

Attendees: Adam, Mechii, Marco, Natalia, Nicolai, KrisztiÃ¡n, Thomas E.

## Agenda

1. Project timeline reminder
2. First milestone progress check
3. Dividing up the final tasks

## Meeting Notes

[Slides here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iwgzUofy1fRGtnJUHWApGRY70xh7jl_ignUjrAwWb9E/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p).

### Foundation "first pass" progress

We originally planned to complete the first pass by the end of June (ie. now). We've extended this deadline, so we can complete the remaining tasks over the next two weeks.

#### Assignments for the final tasks

- [ ] Databases -> Marco
- [ ] React -> Thomas E.
- [ ] Node.js -> Mechii to reach out a mentor to see if they can help

#### Note on meal sharing

Some of the remaining specialism modules used to run the "meal sharing" project as the exercises/assignments. Since we've reshuffled them, and split into different courses, this flow doesn't copy easily from the legacy modules.

The staff team first need to make a plan for if/how we expect to still use the meal sharing app project. We will then update the mentors.

If you are working on a module that currently runs meal sharing exercises/assignements, just de-scope them for now! We can add them back in a separate PR once we know the plan.

#### Web architecture 101

While we have the lesson plan merged, it looks like we're still missing three things in the docs:

1. Preparation
2. Assignment
3. Exercises (think we have some in the slides? they should be moved here as a start)

There were also some outstanding suggestions on the original PR, which should still be followed up on if appropriate.

Adam will reach out to people involved so far and make a plan.

### Other talking points

#### Final project naming

It's confusing to refer to the "final" project in foundation as the final project too, since it's not actually the final project (even though it's the last project they do in foundation). Anyway, we should find some clearer naming.

For now, Adam suggested we refer to them as "Foundation final project" and so on.

We will bring it up in the staff team to discuss first, and propose better naming to the mentors soon.

## Project actions

- [ ] (Adam) Update the tasks on the board and add new ones for remaining tasks discussed today
- [ ] (Adam) Add all remaining tasks (we can think of) for the first pass milestone and assign them
- [ ] (Adam) Reach out to Bjorn regarding advanced javascript timeline
- [ ] (Adam) Reach out to mentors to make a plan for remaining webarch101 content
- [ ] (Adam) Chat with Staff regarding meal sharing project

## The next sprint goal

In the next two weeks (before the next meeting) we will aim to merge everything we can for the first pass of both foundation and specialism courses.

Then we are ready to move onto "improvements and new changes" that we want to introduce before the next teams.
